National Institute of Pharmaceutical Education and Research Hyderabad	
Jamia Hamdard	
Birla Institute of Technology  & Science -Pilani	
JSS College of Pharmacy	
Institute of Chemical Technology	
National Institute of Pharmaceutical Education and Research, Mohali	
JSS College of Pharmacy	
Panjab University	
Manipal College of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Manipal	
Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham	
SVKM`s Narsee Monjee Institute of Management Studies	
National Institute of Pharmaceutical Education and Research Guwahati	
National Institute of Pharmaceutical Education and Research Ahmedabad	
National Institute of Pharmaceutical Education and Research Raebareli	
S.R.M. Institute of Science and Technology	
Chitkara  University	
Lovely Professional University	
Jadavpur University	
Central University of Punjab	
Babasheb Bhimrao Ambedkar University	
Amity University	
AU College of Pharmaceutical Sciences	
Banasthali Vidyapith	
I. S. F. College of Pharmacy	
Delhi Pharmaceutical Sciences and Research University	
Annamalai University	
Central University of Rajasthan	
Birla Institute of Technology	
Poona College of Pharmacy, Pune	
Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda	
Maharishi Markandeshwar	
National Institute of Pharmaceutical Education and Research Kolkata	
Dibrugarh University	
Chandigarh Univeristy	
Maharshi Dayanand University	
Sri Ramachandra Institute of Higher Education and Research	
KLE College of Pharmacy, Belgaum	
Punjabi University	
Shoolini University of Biotechnology and Management Sciences	
Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology (Pharmacy Institute)	
Guru Ghasidas Vishwavidyalaya	
National Institute Of Pharmaceutical Education And Research Hajipur	
Dr. D Y Patil Institute of Pharmaceutical Sciences and Research	
N. G. S. M. Institute of Pharmaceutical Sciences	
VELS Institute of Science Technology & Advanced Studies (VISTAS)	
Gandhi Institute of Technology and Management	
Guru Jambheshwar University of Science and Technology, Hissar	
R. C. Patel Institute of Pharmaceutical Education & Reaserch	
The Rashtrasant Tukadoji Maharaj Nagpur University	
Galgotias University	
Parul University	
G. L. A. University	
Bombay College of Pharmacy	
Integral University	
Sri Venkateswara College of Pharmacy	
L. M. College of Pharmacy	
Suresh Gyan Vihar University	
Sri Padmavathi Mahila Visvavidyalayam	
PSG College of Pharmacy	
Sharda University	
Acharya Nagarjuna University College of Pharmaceutical Sciences	
Kumaun University, Nainital	
M.S. Ramaiah University of Applied Sciences	
Goa College of Pharmacy	
Acharya & B M Reddy College of Pharmacy	
Smt. Kishoritai Bhoyar College of Pharmacy	
Amar Shaheed Baba Ajit Singh Jujhar Singh Memorial College of Pharmacy	
Sam Higginbottom Institute of Agriculture, Technology & Sciences	
Gujarat Technological University	
College of Pharmacy, Pt. B. D. Sharma, University of Health Sciences	
Mohan Lal Sukhadia University	
College of Pharmacy, Madras Medical College	
Sri Adichunchanagiri College of Pharmacy	
Bharati Vidyapeeth College of Pharmacy, Kolhapur	
Y. B. Chavan College of Pharmacy	
Anurag University	
Kakatiya University	
Nirmala College of Pharmacy, Mangalagiri	
Bundelkhand University	
CMR College of Pharmacy	
Chandigarh College of Pharmacy	
Guru Nanak Institute of Pharmaceutical Science & Technology	
KIET Group of Institutions	
Chalapathi Institute of Pharmaceutical Sciences	
Maliba Pharmacy College	
Principal K.M. Kundnani College of Pharmacy	
Raghavendra Institute of Pharmaceuatical Education & Research	
AISSMS College of Pharmacy	
Dr. Vishwanath Karad MIT World Peace University	
C.U. Shah College of Pharmacy	
Marathwada Mitra Mandal's College of Pharmacy	
Arulmigu Kalasalingam College of Pharmacy	
Himalayan Pharmacy Institute	
Maharaja Ranjit Singh State Technical University	
Dr. B. C. Roy College of Pharmacy and Allied Health Sciences	