All India Institute of Medical Sciences, Delhi	
Post Graduate Institute of Medical Education and Research	
Christian Medical College	
National Institute of Mental Health & Neuro Sciences, Bangalore	
Jawaharlal Institute of Post Graduate Medical Education & Research	
Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham	
Sanjay Gandhi Postgraduate Institute of Medical Sciences	
Banaras Hindu University	
Kasturba Medical College, Manipal	
Sree Chitra Tirunal Institute for Medical Sciences and Technology	
Madras Medical College & Government General Hospital, Chennai	
King George's Medical University	
All India Institute of Medical Sciences Jodhpur	
Vardhman Mahavir Medical College & Safdarjung Hospital	
Dr. D. Y. Patil Vidyapeeth	
Siksha `O` Anusandhan	
All India Institute of Medical Sciences Bhubaneswar	
Saveetha Institute of Medical and Technical Sciences	
St. John's Medical College	
S.R.M. Institute of Science and Technology	
Sri Ramachandra Institute of Higher Education and Research	
All India Institute of Medical Sciences, Rishikesh	
Institute of Liver and Biliary Sciences	
Institute of Post Graduate Medical Education & Research	
Datta Meghe Institute of Higher Education and Research	
Kalinga Institute of Industrial Technology	
All India Institute of Medical Sciences, Patna	
Aligarh Muslim University	
Jamia Hamdard	
Kasturba Medical College, Mangalore	
Lady Hardinge Medical College	
Govt. Medical College & Hospital	
Maulana Azad Medical College	
Maharishi Markandeshwar	
Dayanand Medical College	
University College of Medical Sciences	
All India Institute of Medical Sciences, Raipur	
PSG Institute of Medcial Sciences & Research	
Gujarat Cancer & Research Institute	
Christian Medical College	
M. S. Ramaiah Medical College	
Government Medical College Thiruvananthapuram	
Medical College	
Sawai Man Singh Medical College	
Mahatma Gandhi Medical College and Research Institute	
Chettinad Academy of Research and Education	
Pandit Bhagwat Dayal Sharma Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences (PGIMS)	
B. J. Medical College	